Authorization rules docs (#199)
hasura/promptql-docs: docs/auth/permissions/authorization_rules.mdx

- Multiple rules can apply and "deny" rules take precedence; actions are combined: e.g., `allowFields` then `denyFields` further restricts what’s visible, multiple `filter`s are combined with `and`.

## Examples 

### Output `TypePermissions` 

This example for the `movie` type allows a set of fields to several roles but denies `rating` to a `limited_fields_user`.

```yaml
kind: TypePermissions
version: v2
definition:
  typeName: movie
  permissions:
    rulesBased:
      - allowFields:
          condition:
            contains:
              left:
                sessionVariable: x-hasura-role
              right:
                literal:
                  - admin
                  - user
                  - user_not
                  - user_and
                  - user_or
                  - limited_fields_user
          fields:
            - movie_id
            - rating
            - title
            - release_date
      - denyFields:
          condition:
            contains:
              left:
                sessionVariable: x-hasura-role
              right:
                literal:
                  - limited_fields_user
          fields:
            - rating
```

> More information can be found in the metadata docs for [TypePermissions](https://hasura.io/docs/3.0/reference/metadata-reference/permissions#typepermissions-typepermissions-(v2))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information can be found in the metadata docs for [TypePermissions](reference/metadata-reference/permissions.mdx#typepermissions-typepermissions-(v2))
```

                literal:
                  - admin
          operations:
            - insert
            - update
            - delete
      - filter:
          condition:
            equal:
              left:
                sessionVariable: x-hasura-role
              right:
                literal: user
          predicate:
            fieldComparison:
              field: movie_id
              operator: _eq
              value:
                literal: 1
```

Preset a model argument based on role for the `actors_by_movie` model.

```yaml
kind: ModelPermissions
version: v2
definition:
  modelName: actors_by_movie
  permissions:
    rulesBased:
      - allow:
          condition:
            contains:
              left:
                sessionVariable: x-hasura-role
              right:
                literal:
                  - admin
                  - user_with_preset_movie_id
      - presetArgument:
          condition:
            equal:
              left:
                sessionVariable: x-hasura-role
              right:
                literal: user_with_preset_movie_id
          argumentName: movie_id
          value:
            literal: 1
```

> More information can be found in the metadata docs for [ModelPermissions](https://hasura.io/docs/3.0/reference/metadata-reference/permissions#modelpermissions-modelpermissions-(v2))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information can be found in the metadata docs for [ModelPermissions](reference/metadata-reference/permissions.mdx#modelpermissions-modelpermissions-(v2))
```

### `CommandPermissions` 

Grant execution and set a preset argument for a command based on role:

```yaml
kind: CommandPermissions
version: v2
definition:
  commandName: get_actors_by_bool_exp
  permissions:
    rulesBased:
      - allow:
          condition:
            contains:
              left:
                sessionVariable: x-hasura-role
              right:
                literal:
                  - bool_exp_user
      - presetArgument:
          condition:
            equal:
              left:
                sessionVariable: x-hasura-role
              right:
                literal: bool_exp_user
          argumentName: actor_bool_exp
          value:
            booleanExpression:
              fieldComparison:
                field: actor_id
                operator: _eq
                value:
                  literal: 4
```

> More information can be found in the metadata docs for [CommandPermissions](https://hasura.io/docs/3.0/reference/metadata-reference/permissions#commandpermissions-commandpermissions-(v2))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information can be found in the metadata docs for [CommandPermissions](reference/metadata-reference/permissions.mdx#commandpermissions-commandpermissions-(v2))
```
